I do not think there's ever a time where you should simply handle it yourself.
Uh, let me let me start that over. I do not. If sexual, if
inappropriate sexual behavior is occurring in your unit, there's never
a time you should simply handle it yourself. Uh, now there's there
might be a difference in perception. What that is, whether it's two
of your sailors, that air that have established a relationship, or
are we talking about sexual assault? Obviously, there's a difference
there, but if these things it is deemed inappropriate, it needs to
be elevated, Um, in order to in order for folks in order for it to
be handled appropriately.